Contributor docs (#562)
nucypher/taco-web: CONTRIBUTING.md

    const ownsNFTWithCustomParams = new conditions.predefined.erc721.ERC721Ownership({
      contractAddress: '0x1e988ba4692e52Bc50b375bcC8585b95c48AaD77',
      parameters: [customParamKey],
      chain: TEST_CHAIN_ID,
    });

    const messageKit = await taco.encrypt(
      provider,
      domains.DEVNET,
      message,
      ownsNFTWithCustomParams,
      mockedDkg.ritualId,
      signer,
    );
    expect(getFinalizedRitualSpy).toHaveBeenCalled();

    const requestedParameters = taco.conditions.context.ConditionContext.requestedContextParameters(messageKit);
    expect(requestedParameters).toEqual(new Set([customParamKey, USER_ADDRESS_PARAM_DEFAULT]));
  });
```

## Authentication Providers
User authentication is handled by an `AuthProvider` defined in `packages/taco-auth/src`.
Using authentication providers has several benefits:
1. Abstraction:

    They abstract away the specific details of authentication, providing a unified interface for different authentication methods.

2. Flexibility:

    The system can accommodate various types of authentication providers, making it extensible and adaptable to different authentication needs.

3. User Context Management:

>     They help manage user context, specifically the `:userAddress` parameter. This includes handling authentication tokens and ensuring that users are authenticated only once for multiple actions.

Reviewer: There is also the `:userAddressExternalEIP4361` context variable.

Currently, [SIWE](https://docs.login.xyz/) (Sign-In With Ethereum, [EIP-4361](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4361)) is the only authentication method implemented.
EIP-712 has previously been supported but is now deprecated.

[The below test](https://github.com/nucypher/taco-web/blob/b689493a37bec0b168f80f43347818095c3dd5ce/packages/taco/test/conditions/context.test.ts#L382C1-L429C6) demonstrates how a SIWE message can be reused for TACo authentication.

> This ensures that users don't have to sign multiple messages when logging into apps and decrypting TACo messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that users don't have to sign multiple messages when already logged into apps via SIWE and need to decrypt messages via TACo.
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer: Is this test in a test file somewhere already? Can we link to to test files/line numbers instead? That would ensure that the test always remains fresh. Some for other spots above.
